# Question 1
## Telemetry parsing and visualisation (frontend/react)
##### Expected time: ~1 hours
##### Create all required files for Question 1 inside the `/q1` folder.

### Background
Sunswift's telemetry system streams real time data from the car's embedded systems. In real life, this data is messy and nested fields often needs to be flattened before being used in the Infotainment system. 

The system streams from multiple independent subsystems (BMS, GPS, motor controllers, speed encoder). However, the dataset you're given, just like real life, may include:
- Missing values
- `null` fields
- Sensor dropouts
- Outliers
- Corrupted strings / inconsistent formatting
- Sudden drops or spikes

Your task simulates cleaning and visualising this real world data before displaying it in the infotainment UI.

**Note**
- The sample data you're given isn't real and many fields are removed. 
- This task should take about an hour to complete.
##### Your task:
You are given a 30 second snippet of telemetry data stored in `telemetry_sample.json`. You must:

**1. Normalise each entry to this shape**
```json
{
  timestamp: number,        // ms since epoch
  speed: number,            // km/h
  battery: number,          // 0–100 %
  motorTemp: number,        // °C
  gps: { lat: number, lng: number } | null 
}
```

Your cleaning code should handle:
- Missing values: `speed`, `battery`, `motorTemp`, or `gps` may be `null`.
- Corrupted string values. 
- Outliers. 
	- `speed = 40` (temporary drop)
	- `speed = 300` (spike)  
	- You decide how to treat them (remove, clamp, interpolate) but **explain your choice**. 

**2. Build a React component that:**
- Imports the JSON file
- Cleans/parses the data
- Displays:
	- Current speed
	- Battery %
	- Motor temperature
- Render a line chart of speed to time (feel free to use a library like Recharts or MUI)
- If motor temperature > 90 degrees, display it in red or alert the driver
- Have a simple fall back for any missing values.

**3. Code requirements**
* Use functional components + hooks
* clean file structure
* minimal styling is needed, we're not looking for production ready component but rather clarity and functionality in this task
* include 3~5 sentences describing your approach to this task. Do this as a comment at the top of your file
